OSDOCS-19149 [NETOBSERV] 1.12 Release Notes (#111255)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-operator-release-notes-1-12-technology-preview.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * network_observability/network-observability-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="network-observability-operator-release-notes-1-12-technology-preview_{context}"]
= Network Observability Operator 1.12 Technology Preview features

[role="_abstract"]

> The Network Observability Operator is included by default as a Technology Preview feature in 1.12 and {product-title} 4.22. This integration allows you to explore network traffic visualization and monitoring capabilities without performing a separate installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Observability Operator is included by default as a Technology Preview feature in 1.12 and {product-title} 4.22. You can explore network traffic visualization and monitoring capabilities without performing a separate installation.
```
we don't use "allows you to"
included by default makes me think that I don't have to do anything

> Network Observability Operator included with {product-title} clusters (Technology Preview)::

Reviewer: I don't think you need this bulleted section at all

> The Network Observability Operator is included with {product-title}, so you can enable network observability without installing the Network Observability Operator from OperatorHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
repeated from above

+

> This capability provides earlier access to visibility into cluster networking and network traffic when you build observability workflows. These capabilities are a Technology Preview feature.

Reviewer: "earlier access to visibility into cluster networking" uh, what?
```suggestion
```

+

> To use this Technology Preview feature on a Technology Preview cluster, you must enable the `NetworkObservabilityInstall` feature gate through a manifest file during cluster installation.

Reviewer: link to doc?
```suggestion
To use this Technology Preview feature, you must enable the `NetworkObservabilityInstall` feature gate through a manifest file during cluster installation.
```
